Hey, good morning family. How are y'all doing today? We're going to pray about some things.
But I'm going to tell you, it's time for the church to wake up.
In this thing that I've seen taking place, I've seen a church—the blood-bought, born-again, blood-bought church of the redeemed—standing up in brush arbor churches, and a righteousness and a holiness being preached back in the pulpits again with people that are humbled and weeping at the altar, crying out for a sovereign God, what they would call a God of repentance, a God of recompense to restore back what the cankerworm ate, to call back, and we would have a harvest of souls.
Not so much financially motivated, but glory-motivated—a glorious motivation of just saying, 'We're so all out.
We're sold out for Jesus.'We want a new touch from the Father in these brush arbor churches; we want the glory.
We want a manifestation of His glory, but it will not come with a dirty people.
You can say what you want to, but your church is dirty. And the people don't have a heart after Him.
They do not have a heart after the Father. A lot of them have a heart after the world.
And the Lord says, 'Either you are hot or you're cold, but if you're lukewarm, I will spew you out of my mouth.'And you say, 'Well, that's harsh.'No, it's the word.
And it's going to come down to it: you are going to preach the word, not an opinion. And we either stand by the word or you get out of the pulpit.
It's time that we rise up like Davids and take the land and know that it's going to take a bulldog personality to say, 'We're going to stand for Jesus—all for Jesus, all for Him or nothing else.'You think, 'Well, we're just going to limp by.
We're going to get back in there and we're going to preach them a little bit of soft, limp, little spoonful of gospel and just kind of nourish people.'No, it's going to take a bunch of meat-eaters.
You say, 'Well, I'm vegan.'I don't care if you're vegan or not. Whatever.
I'm talking about people who have teeth that eat the meat of the word. Not a vegan word; I'm talking about the meat of the word.
I'm talking about people getting some common sense here and knowing that you've got to preach righteousness and you've got to preach holiness and get it back in the pulpits and telling people they've got to rise up and tell that Jesus Christ is coming, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, and the house of cards is coming down, folks.
Jesus is coming. Are you ready for His return? There's many of you who say that you are, but He has no idea who you are because you're so far from Him.
You live such a heathen lifestyle and you don't even realize that you are like Lot in Sodom and Gomorrah thinking that everything's okay.
And it took Abraham interceding for Lot in the midst of Gomorrah, crying out to spare Lot and his family.
One man stood in the gap, like I told you. One person stood in the gap for the person as Lot and his family.
And if he wouldn't have been standing in the gap, Lot would have been burned up just like everybody else was.
He didn't even know judgment was coming because he'd become so familiar with Sodom and Gomorrah.
He did not know that all the things were coming because he was so in compromise.
He fixed his tent towards Sodom and he thought, 'Man, this is a nice city.
I love living in this. This is nice.'And every day he woke up seeing all around him. And as he did, he became colder and colder.
And it took a man standing on the hill saying, 'Would you spare them?'And God had mercy and removed his family.
But his wife was so familiar she looked back and she turned to a pillar of salt.
Will you be one that turns to a pillar of salt as you're crying out for that which was so important around you?
Everything is so important to you. I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'But am I important to you?
Am I important to you?'says the Lord as your house of cards begins to crumble, just like Lot's wife turned and looked to Sodom and it was so important to her because she had become so accustomed to it.
You've become accustomed to Sodom and Gomorrah, ladies and gentlemen.
And the Lord tells me, 'Great judgment's coming in these areas.'And you say, 'Well, I'll stand in the gap like Abraham.'But God's calling you out from Sodom.
God's calling you out from Gomorrah. He's calling you out and He's telling you it's time to come up higher or you're going to stay back here and turn to that pillar of salt.
Are you going to turn your back on Sodom and Gomorrah just like Lot had to and run to the mountains with the angels, or are you going to keep looking back because it was familiar to you and you got accustomed to it?
I'm telling you, it's time to come out of that. It's time to come up in the glory and sit at His altar and weep before Him and say, 'Jesus, all of You and none of me. All of You and none of me. I don't want any of this world.
I don't want to be so spiritually minded that I'm no earthly good.'Some people say, 'I don't see that you could be too spiritually minded, folks.'You say, 'I don't want to be too spiritually minded.
I don't want to be too spiritual because I won't be able to relate with Sodom. I want to relate with Sodom.
I want to relate with Gomorrah because I want to be able to minister to them because if I get too spiritual and I get too holy roller on you, we won't be able to minister because they won't be able to relate with us.'You're wrong.
You're wrong. He's calling us to be the salt of the earth. He's calling us to have a backbone like a crowbar. And He's calling us to preach the good news to the world.
And I'm telling you, when all hell breaks out, ladies and gentlemen, when all crap hits the fan, they're going to be coming for the people who have the light, like Moses'face was shining with the glory of God.
They're going to come to you because they're going to say, 'I remember when I used to think you were a holy roller and you were too religious, because right now I need a God that's real, right now because of all the hell that's going on around me and the economy's crashing and the people are getting sick and dying.
I need a God that's real. Not a God that is a lukewarm God. Not a God that I have my tent fixed to Sodom because I want to be just a little bit like them so I'm relatable.
I want to be like Jesus. And there was no compromise in Him at all.
He was the rock and upon Him He said, 'You will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.'Not a sinking sand gospel, but a gospel that is built on the word, the foundation of the word that Jesus Christ is coming and that Jesus is our Savior.
He's our Healer. He's our Deliverer. And He is not a compromising God. That is just a lukewarm, spoonful gospel.
We're going to just barely feed you, and you're going to get your little baby pampers... No, no, no.
It's time to feed the meat of the word to the people so that they're able to stand and stand when all there else to do is stand.
Therefore, it's time to stand and have a backbone in this generation.
Woe to you that don't. You're going to go home early. I'm telling you.
Woe to you who don't because you'll go home early. You won't be able to stand because the devourer is coming for you.
The great devourer will come for you. Satan comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
Is your house full of compromise that he can devour you? Because as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
And we have a bloodline out there that says, 'Satan, thus far and no further.'You will not tread on us.
We tread on you. We have authority over you in this house. Do you have that authority in your house?
Are you still in Sodom and Gomorrah and you think you're okay?
Because I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, there's a lot of you that are in there.
I hear this by the Spirit of God. You better be listening for what I have seen coming.
If you are in Sodom and there's somebody out there—your grandma is out there praying for you, 'Oh, have mercy on Johnny out there'—you better thank God for her.
'Oh, have mercy on little Susie'or whoever because they're up there: 'Lord, please have mercy.
Please have mercy.'And you're in there just partying in Sodom, 'I'm over here just enjoying myself.'You're a fool.
God have mercy on you. The angels of the Lord are sent to protect them.
I don't know who this is for today, but I pray it stirs you. I don't want to be too spiritually minded that I'm no earthly good.
God have mercy on you. I'm all in. Are you all in? Are you all in for Jesus?
All to Jesus, I surrender. All to Him, I freely give. I've seen a great storm coming and it's still on the horizon.
It may be delayed by some months, whether or not it's a year or whatever.
When you're looking into the spirit realm, ladies and gentlemen, there's a depth perception about things that I'm still learning. But I can assure you, I see a storm on the horizon.
And I'm telling you, it's a time like never before to fall at the altars, falling at Jesus'feet and saying, 'All to Jesus, I surrender.
All to Thee, I humbly give. I give You my heart. I give You my soul.'Today, Lord, I serve You with everything I have inside of me.
I am not worried and I'm not moved by what I see around me. I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
Because when the winds and the storms blow, my anchor is in the Lord Jesus Christ. My eyes are fixed upon You. The anchor of my soul is in Jesus.
No matter when the winds and the waves of life try to knock me down, my anchor is in You.
I'm anchored in You. I'm anchored in the presence and the fire of God.
And I'm telling you all, it's time to wake up. I'm telling you, I've seen it again.
So, I hope this message is sobering to you. That's my job. The Lord said, 'Know your audience.
My audience is you all.'And I pray with all my heart that this struck home today.
Do not just throw it away. Don't just sit there and go, 'Well, it's not for me.'No, it's for you. All to Jesus, I surrender.
So, if you don't know Jesus Christ today as your Lord and personal Savior, it's your time to come home.
I'm going to say a prayer and I want you to pray it out loud. You say, 'Brother Brandon, I don't know Jesus Christ.
I've heard a lot about Him.'But if you die tonight, where will you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. Who will you serve today?
That's what I'm trying to ask you all, ladies and gentlemen.
Either you're going to serve Jesus or you're going to serve the devil.
But you can't ride the line and try to be both. It's time to sell out for Jesus today.
It's time for you to give it all to Jesus. Make Him the Lord of your life.
I pray a conviction in your heart to come to the Lord Jesus Christ.
Now, I'm going to say a prayer for you, and I want you to repeat this prayer after me: 'Jesus Christ, I want to make You my Lord and personal Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Father, I'm a sinner.
Forgive me of my sins. I believe You are the Son of God. I believe You rose on the third day.
I believe You're seated at the Father's right hand making intercession for me.
Now, I thank You, Lord, that You forgive me of my sins. I thank You.
I've been a sinner. Lord, forgive me. I don't want to be a sinner no more.
I run to You. I surrender to You. I give all to You. Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I want to come up higher. I want to be born again today.'It doesn't have to be religious, ladies and gentlemen.
We make it religious. Jesus wants it to be just as a child can come before Him and get born again.
A child can do it. A child doesn't know an extensive vocabulary.
A child just knows little stuff. But He made it so that a child can get born again.
He didn't say, 'Come to me as my spiritual adults.'Come to me as children. And He's my Abba Father. He's my God.
And I come to Him daily and I say, 'Father, I love You.'And He says, 'I love you, too.'So if you said the prayer today and you believed in your heart and you confessed your sins and you believed it with all you have—you believe that Jesus Christ rose again on the third day and He died for you—I believe today you got saved.
Now find a Bible that you understand. It doesn't have to be King James.
Find a Bible that you understand and read it. Get the word of God down in your heart.
And when you get that word down inside of your heart, it's going to change you and you'll go from glory to glory.
Pray every day. Seek Him every day. Have a relationship with Him every day.
And find a good Bible-believing church in your area. Get plugged in. Find a pastor.
Tell them, 'I got born again online and I gave my heart to Jesus Christ on this day and I want to be baptized.'Go and get baptized at church.
Go and find a church that preaches the gospel. Get plugged in—usher, pray, whatever you can do to volunteer.
Take classes. Learn about who you are. Find classes to teach you the word.
And when you do this, you're going to grow and you'll become like a meat eater.
I'm talking about eating the meat of the word so that you're able to have a backbone.
It's easy to be a Christian, folks. Having the Christian walk sometimes is challenging, but it's easy to stay saved.
It's easy to come before Him. He made it so a child could. So that's what I had for that.
Now, we're going to pray for the election. But the Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, you got to take this more serious.
You got to tell these people what's coming.'And they're not going to like it, but I'm going to tell you the truth.
So, Father, we thank You for the body. We take communion as a body of believers together.
For this is what He did: He died and He rose again on the third day and He became sickness for us. And as we take this body, we take it inside of us.
And I believe with all my heart, it's the meal that heals; that every cell inside of me is healed and whole and well because He said in Isaiah 53:5 that He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him and with His stripes you are healed.
You are healed because He took all of it on. And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
Now Lord, this is all I have is this peach tea stuff today. Lord, we thank You for the blood.
The Bible says if you make much of the blood, the blood makes much of you. Now, we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us, Father.
And I thank You, Lord, that from the top of my head to the soles of my feet, I'm washed in the blood of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, that no sin, no sickness, no disease, no nothing can come near me, Father.
I'm not going to allow it. And nothing separates me from the love of God.
And I thank You, Father, that there is no devil in hell that can come near me and try to take me out because, Father, there's a blood line around me and my wife and my children; and every tongue that rises against me, we condemn it and it goes back on them double.
It will not bear fruit in my life. Those word curses, we will not allow word curses to bear fruit.
They fall at our feet in the name of Jesus. And every tongue that rises against you, you will condemn it.
I condemn those words in the name of Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us.
For Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bless us and you keep us, and your face smiles upon us, Lord, and you give us peace.
And Father, we take it right now in the name of Jesus. Lord, and I say I anoint my head with oil, and I thank you, Lord, that my cup runneth over.
I anoint my head with the blood of Jesus Christ, Father. I do this by faith, Father, that I'm anointed.
I'm anointed and appointed for such a time as this. And I thank you, Lord.
I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single person watching.
So, Father, we enter boldly into your throne and whatever else you have for us today.
And we thank you, Lord, for your great mercy wherewith you loved us.
And I thank you, Lord, for this great nation. Father, I pray over it.
Father, I pray over Kari Lake, that she stands for righteousness and she will not bow to opinion.
We will not bow to opinion, Father, but we will stand and we will not lose the campaign just because of compromise. We thank you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this nation, that Father, we will have a God-fearing president in the name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we lift up Donald Trump before you, Father, that there's a great hedge of protection around and about him.
And Father, that he would have a radical conversion. We call for radical conversion over Donald Trump.
That he would be on fire, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he is leading the nation with you, not by flesh but by the spirit.
And we thank you, Lord, for a Holy Ghost conversion, a Holy Spirit conversion.
Father, a radical visitation from the Lord Jesus Christ for Donald Trump and over his wife and his children and over his cabinet, over his vice president.
I thank you, Lord, Father, for supernatural guidance over this nation.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're removing Kamala Harris and Joe Biden in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you that you humble the kings. You humble the evil.
We call for exposing, in Jesus'name, all darkness. We call them removed in the name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you as they're removed. God, I thank you, Lord, that they will find you. That Father, they will find you before it's too late.
That they would have a revelation knowledge of Jesus Christ, and Father, that they would know him as Lord and personal savior.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, they've done enough damage to this nation. And I thank you, Lord, that it is their time to step aside.
Father, that we raise up men and women that are godly into this nation with the Senate and the House.
And I call forth godly leaders over this nation in the name of Jesus that we would have one last reprieve for your glory to move in this nation in the name of Jesus.
We call for one last reprieve in the name of Jesus. Father, I thank you, Lord, that the ship will not sink.
That Father, it will float and it will sail. And Father, I thank you, Lord, for a supernatural turn of events.
That all hidden things be revealed in all the elections in every state. And I thank you, Lord, we cry out for the unborn.
And I thank you, Lord, that the laws would reflect that of preserving life.
Father, we pray for life in Jesus'name. And that the blood of the innocent cries out from the grave.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that their voices will be heard.
And that Father, these places, these states, the laws that are set in motion that people would go and vote and they would vote right.
And Father, I thank you, Lord. We pray, Father, for the babies in the wombs, and Father, that there is a covering over them in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, for exposing the darkness and the hidden ways that try to word the wordage in the ballots, that people would have wisdom when they go into the polls and they would vote with wisdom and they would not be snared by demonic wordage.
I thank you, Lord, for the angels, Father; they're at every polling station, at every booth, at every nation.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Canada, for raising up godly leaders in Canada and in Asia.
Father, I thank you for Africa, that there will be a major revival in Africa, a major harvest of souls in Africa.
That Father, all the way from the top all the way to the bottom, all from the east, from the west, that there will be a harvest of souls like we've never seen before.
That you would raise up new Reinhard Bonnke and people of great faith with great backbones, Father, they would preach the gospel and tell the people that Jesus Christ is coming.
I thank you, Father, for the nation, that this is a nation where God is king.
That Jesus Christ is king over Africa. Jesus Christ is king over Africa.
That there will be a harvest of souls over Africa in Jesus'name.
And healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you that it's over the Middle East and over Europe. I pray over Europe. I pray over Russia.
I pray over Russia, Father, that there will be a harvest of souls even over Russia and over Siberia, Father. I thank you, Lord. I thank you, Lord, for Asia.
I thank you, Lord, for south, Korea, and over all of North Korea and over all these, Father, that there will be a harvest of souls in the name of Jesus.
And we believe; we receive it, Father. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that judgment begins in the household of faith first, in the church.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're cleaning up the house. You're cleaning up the bride.
You're cleaning up the church, Father. And you're bringing correction where it needs to be, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that the men and women of God will preach and teach the word of God like they've never been able to do before.
Father, there will be a fire and an urgency about them to preach the good news.
Father, as we enter into this demonic day, we turn it around for your good and your glory in Jesus'name.
It is October 31st here, but we're not moved by it. We're not moved by Halloween here.
For Father, this is the day the Lord has made and we will rejoice and be glad in it.
We are on fire for Jesus. We're not moved by what the devil tries to do.
We're moved by what the word says. And the violent take it by force.
We will take it by force in Jesus'name. And we thank you, Lord.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it. And everybody say amen and amen.
And I want you to get excited about what God is about to do in this earth.
He's doing it right now, ladies and gentlemen. It's happening.
The popcorn is popping. Are you listening and smelling it? Jesus is doing something big in this earth, folks.
So, we thank you for joining us today. If you're new here to this channel and you've never been here before, thank you for joining us.
I'm very intense because Jesus is coming. He's coming quickly and we don't have time to waste anymore.
It's time to get excited and radical for what he's telling us to do.
So, if you could help me get the gospel spread throughout the whole world, ladies and gentlemen, like the video.
We're on their platform; this is how they do it. Like it. Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Please subscribe. Click the notification bell. My wife is working diligently hard right now.
We got our tax ID because people were saying, "Hey, I want to be able to give a tax-deductible gift."We got our tax-deductible status.
So, you can see it in the description down below. I just want to say thank you all for all your love and your support for us in this channel.
God bless you all. There are great days ahead for this ministry.
I got another prophetic word from a minister tonight, and I'm believing with all my heart that this is a time of great acceleration for us to preach the gospel throughout the whole world.
And so we're excited for what God has for us in 2025. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and I will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.